if you want to differentiate yourself in
the market come up with a very unique
value proposition for making your
channel
a destination making your platform a
destination making your website a
destination
what am i coming here for that i don't
get anywhere else what is the
differentiator how did you find an
additional way to
respect the audience is something i
think of jumping in the content
immediately is another way of respecting
the audience
putting up notes that they can
screenshot is another way to respect the
audience if you're doing informational
based content
having the best audio quality is a way
to respect the audience having
a non-distracting lighting setup or
background or something like that or
something that is not distracting but
it's interesting and
showing you put care into the details is
a way to respect the audience
acknowledging viewers and popping up hey
your questions here or your comments
here or hey comment of the day
and this is so-and-so and you
acknowledging the actual people in your
audience is another way to respect the
audience and i guarantee you there are
probably 10 or 20 different things that
a competitor is not doing
that would represent you respecting the
audience that's a reason to come back to
somebody this person gave me unique
value and this person proved that they
respect and acknowledge me
and people in this community in a way
that other people don't
you